winners of which is an integral part of the University of the Americas
grouped more than 50 institutions of higher education
struggle with more than 500 thousand students on the planet
within our organization the faculty of health sciences
it is a fundamental pillar of the educational model
and the faculties of health sciences of the udlap and the appo of florida
they are based and advanced technology
first-line research laboratories
cutting-edge models
to offer in each country a different option
as a transversal axis of all careers in health sciences and for
base all the knowledge of the students was created the institute of
biomedical research
we do research
of good level we have a super advanced technology equipment that there is not in
other parts of
in this kidnapping is that there are only two in the country
we can say after the different types of cancers
including knowing the origin and migration of man
we are part of the national geographic world project
that were in force migration of the world's population
google is
placed like him
ecuador's coordinating laboratory our series of cytogenetics and
molecular
interviewees also research on the effects of
glyphosate on the northern border
yes that served for the demand that in Ecuador made before
dallas about
because of the chemical aggression suffered by the country due to aerial spraying and
that the ucla characterize us to compile harmonically the theory with
the practice of medical and nursing students the two careers of
Health Sciences
in the first semester they already have contact with patients and develop their
skills in these phantoms a mannequin is that he simulated a person to take
this measure because in other possibilities of
do an extraction
that line of work we can have everything in your favor
we can wake you up that heart rate respiratory rate
palpation of what things are
all these equipment we want
with international certification
avoiding contact but still basic student
and didactically allow to enter any part of the human body
and since September 2009 we opened three new races
physiotherapy
dentistry impeded technology
but what are the advantages of studying biotechnology in a career
multi-disciplinary
to enter the field of shakhtar the animal in the field hand food or
including in the industrial field
our labs the curricular mesh
First-class staff are a guarantee for the student to be part of the
large projects at national level
and global outdoor art shows
first other programs of Peru
atte more than 20 years these samples are
humans with cancer p
melbourne and the prostate so close rich
the physiotherapy that today is a scientific career has several types
of therapies
like the party and culture
They are part of our proposal
a team of specialized professionals at an international level
that is commanded by marta pérez specialist who treats athletes of
elite
as well as professionals who suffer the ills of different professions
will share their knowledge with the students now this modern therapy and
advanced the Catalan common part in autumn
the handling of equipment
by closing for cc oo with respect to the city
We are looking forward to the best technology that exists
how can you see someone that's the radio station
ramirez heredia is digital radiography
we propose an electronic sensor the mouth immediately appears the image
We are going in third dimension yes and we will already have
the best professionals and team our commitment is to walk to the
speed of technology
and of the new knowledge
the university of the americas work day by day to raise the level
technological and educational students will have the option of clothing
e by matches sites for sir
your pores
to be easier
not only in the cinema but of all the posts
you make this renowned scientific team